All you need to know about English

    If you were only interested in talking to native speakers, Chinese would definitely be a better choice. Over 1.2 billion people speak Chinese as their first language, compared with less5than 400 million who speak English. However, English would be very helpful if you weren't in China. You can usually find English translations at major tourist sites and airports all around the world. If you needed information from the Internet, English would be useful too. About 56% of all web pages are in English. What's more, English is an official language in over 50 different countries, which together cover more than 28% of all the land on our planet.
    About 1.5 billion, about 20% of the world's population. That includes native speakers, people who are fluent speakers in countries where English is an official language, like India, Nigeria and Singapore, and all the people who have learnt it as a foreign language at school.
    Several groups of people arrived in England in the fifth century CE, from Germany and Denmark. We now call them the Anglo-Saxons. English developed from different types of Germanic languages that they spoke. Later, in the 11th century, the NormansO from northern France took control of England, and about 10,000 French words became part of the English language. English also took lots of words from Latin, and some words from ancient Greek and other languages.
    It started to spread around the world when the British went to live in North America in the 17th century, and later in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The British also took control of parts of Asia, the Caribbean and Africa, and people there had to learn English. In the 20th century, the spread of English continued because people from all over the world wanted to exchange ideas with each other, in a wide range of areas such as trade, education and science.
    Today, English is becoming the main language for lessons in more and more schools and universities around the world, because many believe that fluent English is very important for people. It will help them communicate and make friends with people from other countries, and it will also give them more opportunities to learn and further develop their skills. In this century, at least, English as a global language is here to stay. 