    The Old Man and the Sea is one of Hemingway's famous works. It tells the story of an old man called Santiago who goes out on the sea to fish. At this point in the story, he has finally caught a huge fish after 84 days of catching nothing. As the fish is too large to be carried on his little boat, he ties it along the side of it. However, he knows that he will face many dangers on the way home, because the blood from the wounds of the big fish could attract sharks. The fish is likely to become the target of attack.
    This passage begins at the moment when a large shark approaches the fish. Can the old man survive a shark attack? Will he be able to fight off the bloodthirsty shark? Read and find out.
    The old man tookone look at the great fish as he watched the shark clos in. I cannot keep him from hitting me, he thought, but maybe I can get him.
    The shark closed fast on the boat and when he hit the fish the old man saw his mouth wide open and his strange eyes and his sharp teeth as he drove forward in the meat just above the tail. The old man could hear the noise of skin and flesh ripping on the big fish when he threw the fishing spear into the shark's head at a place where the line between his eyes crossed with the line that ran straight back from his nose. There were no such lines. There was only the heavy sharp blue head and the big eyes and the powerful teeth.But that was the location of the brain and the old man hit it.He hit it with his wet, bloody hands driving a good spear with all his strength. He hit it without hope but with determination and complete hatred.
    The shark turned over and the old man saw his eye was not alive and then he turned over once again, wrapping himself in the rope.The old man knew that he was dead but the shark would not accept it. Then,on his back, with his tail still moving and his mouth opening and closing, the shark swam over the water as fast as a speedboat. The water was white where his tail beat it and three quarters of his body was clear above the water when the rope broke. The shark lay quietly for a little while on the surface and the old man watched him. ss Then he went down very slowly."He took about forty pounds," the old man said aloud. He took my spear too and all the rope, he thought, and now my fish bleeds again and there will be others. He did not like to look at the fish any longer since the shark had bitten it.When the shark had hit the fish, it was as though he himself were hit. ButI killed the shark that hit my fish, he thought. And that was the biggest shark that he had ever seen. And he had seen big ones in his lifetime. It was too good to last, he thought.I wish it had been a dream now and that I had never caught the fish.
    "But man is not made for defeat,"he said."A man can be destroyed but not defeated."I am sorry that I killed the fish though, he thought. Now the bad time is coming and I do not even have the spear. The shark is terrible and able and strong and intelligent. But I was more ss intelligent than he was.Perhaps not, he thought. Perhaps l was only better armed.